Provision Prometheus Dashboards. Instructions for k6 Prometheus output (#36)
grafana/quickpizza: README.md

Please refer to [agent-local.river](./contrib/agent-local.river) to find the labels applied to the telemetry data.

> **Send k6 results to Prometheus and Visualize with the k6-Prometheus Dashboards**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Send k6 results to Prometheus and visualize them with a Grafana dashboard**
```

Author: solved by https://github.com/grafana/quickpizza/pull/36/commits/30bab28e41fdadf535ee3ba5450341101c5ac403
